# hello-world
hello, world.

Hello, world.

To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Rick and Morty. The humour is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical physics most of the jokes will go over a typical viewer’s head. There’s also Rick’s nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into his characterisation- his personal philosophy draws heavily from Narodnaya Volya literature, for instance. The fans understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these jokes, to realise that they’re not just funny- they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who dislike Rick & Morty truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn’t appreciate, for instance, the humour in Rick’s existential catchphrase “Wubba Lubba Dub Dub,” which itself is a cryptic reference to Turgenev’s Russian epic Fathers and Sons. I’m smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Dan Harmon’s genius wit unfolds itself on their television screens. What fools.. how I pity them. 

Pocos días después el tío de Mr. Taylor le pidió -previa indagación sobre el estado de su importante salud- que por favor lo complaciera con cinco más. Mr. Taylor accedió gustoso al capricho de Mr. Rolston y -no se sabe de qué modo- a vuelta de correo “tenía mucho agrado en satisfacer sus deseos”. Muy reconocido, Mr. Rolston le solicitó otras diez. Mr. Taylor se sintió “halagadísimo de poder servirlo”. Pero cuando pasado un mes aquél le rogó el envío de veinte, Mr. Taylor, hombre rudo y barbado pero de refinada sensibilidad artística, tuvo el presentimiento de que el hermano de su madre estaba haciendo negocio con ellas.
